late Friday after all day taking stock
of the icj decision at the hag
ambassadors from Arab countries gathered
at the United Nations to discuss a key
question what next after allowing the
media to film the opening portion of the
meeting the rest was behind closed doors
so talks could continue in private
before the meeting the Palestinian
representative said now was the time to
seize the moment if one to look at the
provisional measur separately and
collectively it gives the a clear
message that in order to do all the
things that they're asking for you need
a ceasefire for it to to happen un
Secretary General Antonio gutiz issued a
statement through his spokesperson
acknowledging the icj ruling but
offering few insights on how he views
the judgment is a Secretary General
disappointed that the icj did not call
for a ceasefire does the secretary
General is not here to do color
commentating on on decisions of the
Independent Court of the UN his position
has been what it is it's been very clear
what the Secretary General thinks that
what he would like to see is an
immediate humanitarian ceasefire All
Eyes now turn to the security Council it
seems likely that by the middle of next
week the council will call for an open
meeting to discuss the rulings by the
icj then the question becomes will
Algeria
the Arab member of the council begin to
circulate a draft resolution calling for
an immediate ceasefire diplomatic
sources are telling us all indications
are pointing to exactly that Gabriel
zando Al jazer at the United Nations in
New
York make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer